John: Hi, i'm writing about the add you have posted John: The apartment for rent Anna: Yes, what would you like to know? John: Firstly what is the floor area and what floor is it on? Anna: 55 sq meters, 3 rooms Anna: And it's on 5th out of 7 floors Anna: But there is an elevator John: Ok, that the size I was looking for actually John: does it happen to have a balcony? Anna: yes, there is a balcony. Nothing much, but should be enough to dry your laundry :) John: That's good.  John: Do you happen to have floor plans? Kinda hard to figure out the layout based on the pictures Anna: Sure, here it is Anna: <file_photo> John: Great, let me have a look and I will get back to you shortly	Anna is renting her 55-square-meter 3-room flat with a small balcony. It is situated on the 5th floor and there is a lift in the building. John is interested in the offer but needs to see the floor plan first.
Trudy: Are you good with statistics? Trudy: I need someone to double-check my results Janice: I’m okay, not great Janice: Why don’t you ask Amy?  Janice: She’s a genius Trudy: I know Trudy: But I’m not that close with her to ask for this kind of favour Janice: You don’t need to Janice: You can come to her as a client  Janice: She’s doing it as a side job  Trudy: How much does she charge? Janice: I think about 40$/hour of her work Janice: But she works fast, she won’t rip you off.	Trudy needs someone to double-check her statistical results and asks Janice to do this. Janice recommends Amy. Trudy is not comfortable with asking Amy as they don't know each other that well. Amy, however, can do that for a fee.
Janny: SORRY SORRY SORRY but we can't meet this afternoon. Have to work. Pipa: WTF? Janny: Those photos I edited last night. That old bitch doesn't like them. Pipa: Tell her to get stuffed. Janny: Can't! Need the bread. Pipa: Work for someone else you moron. They just using you. Janny: Fuck you know about it. You never worked in your life. Pipa: And not gonna to! ROTFL Janny: Anyway. Am not coming today. Pipa: Even later? When finished? Janny: Maybe but can't say when. Pipa: Doesn't matter. But come PLEASE Janny: Will do my best. ILY Pipa: KFY	Janny can't meet Pipa as Janny has a lot of work with the photos he edited last night. Pipa suggests that Janny changes his job but it's not easy. He promises to come to Pippa if possible.
Gil: heyy jenn Jennifer: heyy Jennifer: havent heard from u in so long Gil: yea sorry i didnt have my phone with me Jennifer: ohh what happened Gil: it fell into water :p Jennifer: omg thats so you xD Gil: ikr xD Gil: anyways what are your plans for tonight?? Jennifer: i cant think of anything to do Gil: great	Gil haven't contacted Jennifer for so long because her phone fell into the water. Jannifer has no plans for tonight.
Pam: Have you seen the new Woody Allen movie? Steve: No and I'm not going to. He's a creep. All that stuff with his family - yuk. Never watching a movie of his again Pam: I hear ya	Steve is never going to watch a movie by Woody Allen again.
Monica: pls help Monica: he texted me Olympia: don't answer! Olympia: I'll be at your place in 10minutes! Monica: love you	Olympia will come to Monica's place in 10 minutes.
Lucille: But first I will go for another erasmus program next year hopefully. Skyler: Hmm ok. What country ? Lucille: Probably italy again because they offer me 10 month long staying Skyler: Torino again ? Lucille: Or 5 months in Malta or 5 months in Belfast. I will be choosing between those 3. Because I don't speak Spanish to go to Spain or french to go to France. Pavia this time in italy Skyler: Oh ok Lucille: But I would have to practice my Italian because I will have to study in this language. But no time for this because of studies Skyler: Haha so what then? What will you do Lucille: I don't know. I still have time Skyler: Ok	Lucille went to Torino for her Erasmus student exchange and wants to repeat it next year. She is considering a 10-month stay in Pavia in Italy, or a 5-month stay in Malta or Belfast. She does not want to go to Spain or France.
Trevor: How are you? Haven't seen you online in a while? Matt: Just came back from a trip. Matt: Didn't have much time for the online world. Trevor: You didn't mention that you were going on a trip. Matt: It wasn't planned. Sort of a spur of the moment thing. Matt: Nina got some time off work so we decided to take a short trip. Trevor: So where was the trip? Matt: We found some cheap plane tickets and went to Budapest in Hungary. Trevor: But just for a few days? Matt: Yeah, we went there on Tuesday and came back on Friday, so it wasn't a long trip. Trevor: And how was it? Matt: Great. Matt: The city was great, the food was great, really enjoyed the experience. Trevor: And Nina? Matt: She needed some time off so I guess she would be happy even by staying at home :) Matt: But she enjoyed it as well. Matt: She likes that kind of trips. Trevor: That's good to hear. Trevor: Can't remember when was the last time I went abroad. Matt: It's not like we're forcing you to stay :P Trevor: Well yeah but still. Trevor: You have Nina and for me it would be a solo trip. Trevor: Not as fun. Matt: Well there is a solution to that ;) Trevor: I'm not that desperate :P	Matt and Nina just come back from a trip to Budapest in Hungary. They left on Tuesday and came back on Friday. 
Reggie: Hiya Rob, how's it hanging? Rob: Can't complain, mate. How you doing in London? Reggie: Getting by, man. Rob: Any girls on the scene, Casanova? Reggie: One or two tasty women around, playing the field, bro! Cherie OK? Rob: Yep, we're getting on well so far, she's still here anyway! Lots to do in the house, bit full on. Reggie: Ah well, you would turn your back on the single life, wouldn't you! Getting much footie in? Rob: Nah, mate. On weekends we're trekking round Ikea and stuff. Happy days! Still get out running after work though, bods still in ok nick! Reggie: Should see my killer abs, man, talk about ripped! But of a gym freak at the mo. Love it, though. Lets off steam after the office. Rob: I bet! Good job you got a decent flat, London's murder for housing. Reggie: Well yeah, they sorted me out well. I may be a boring old accountant, but the money is not too shabby! Rob: Glad it's all going well, buddy. You coming back to visit your folks at all, we could meet up, have a few beers. Reggie: Hope to next month. Work may have calmed down a bit by then. Nice to see the old place again! Rob: Nice to see you haven't forgotten us with your big city ways. Bet you paint the town red most nights! Reggie: Quite the opposite, actually!  Rob: I bet! Anyway, see you soon for a catch up. Reggie: Hope so, bye Rob.	Reggie has moved to London and is settling in well. Rob suggests a meet up when Reggie is back in town. 
Julia: Adam, are you coming today? Julia: Adam, you are already an hour late, let me know asap Kate: He texted me before that he isn't feeling very well Julia: Thanks Adam: I had an appointment, sorry, but I have a stomach flu	Adam has a stomach flu. 