Amber: Did anyone see my flower necklace? I must have lost it at the party yesterday. Gabriel: I'll look for it in my flat as soon as I get to cleaning. Amber: You haven't started yet? It's 6 p.m.! Gabriel: You might not remember it, but the last guests left at 6 a.m. I needed some sleep. Amber: Hey, I do remember leaving the party :P  Glen: Yeah, but do you also remember getting back home? Amber: Erm, not exactly XD Glen: That's because you fell asleep in my car :P Amber: Oops, sorry. But you didn't have to carry me inside, did you? Glen: Well, someone had to :P Amber: Sorry again XD Mariah: I think I've got your necklace. It was in my pocket, I've no idea how it got there. Is it silver? Amber: Yes, a silver flower with a green stone in the middle. Mariah: <file_photo> This one? Amber: Yes! Thanks, I was really worried it was gone for good. Mariah: No problem, I'll bring it to the office on Monday. Amber: Okay. Mariah: @Gabriel, do you need any help cleaning your flat? I feel bad about all that mess we've left you with. Gabriel: No, don't worry, it's not that bad. I'll take care of it as soon as I finish breakfast. Glen: More like supper :P Gabriel: Nope, breakfast is all about breaking the fast. I've fasted since last night, so I'm eating breakfast right now XD Amber: Never argue with a linguist :D	Amber lost her flower necklace. Gabriel will look for it when cleaning. Mariah found it in her pocket and she will bring it to the office on Monday. 
Zac: I am leaving the group guys, sorry, I need to cut a bit the time I spend online Zoe: no prob, I understand, the group is dead anyway for now Cheryl: so maybe we can just delete it? Zoe: sure, let's do it	Zac, Zoe and Cheryl agreed it is a good idea to delete the group.
Leon: is the package theree? Miriam: not yet :( Leon: ohh noooo why is it taking so long? Miriam: well, there is an ocean between us, after all Leon: that's a good argument... Miriam: lets keep waiting :) 	Leon's package has not come to Miriam yet. Leon and Miriam live on different continents so it takes a long time.
Jenny: hey Jenny: that place with karaoke, can u sing there everyday? Tom: nah, just on Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays Jenny: meh Tom: I'm going there tomorrow, wanna come? Jenny: I have plans Jenny: it's actually my birthday tomorrow so I'll grab a burger with my bf or something Tom: <file_gif> happy bday! Jenny: thanks :) Jenny: or at least he said so Tom: good Jenny: but he might forget, who knows xD Tom: hehe Tom: he won't Tom: but in case he does u know where to find us Jenny: sure thing Jenny: we'll be in touch Tom: take care :) Jenny: xoxo	Tom is going to karaoke place tomorrow. He invites Jenny but she has already made plans. It's her birthday tomorrow.
John: oh no, I am late. Tom: No problem, I'm just drinking coffee in the cafeteria. John: I should be there in 15 min. Tom: don't worry. John: thanks!	John will join Tom at the cafeteria in 15 minutes.
Melina: Hi, Just wanted to say thank you for favouriting me - it really means a lot :) Thanks again! Jada: Hi! It's been a long time since we contacted each other-I think it's because of something in FictionPress. It happened to my other fellow writers too. So anyway, I just wanted to say hi. I haven't forgotten about you, dear first FictionPress buddy.  :D Melina: Hey!! I'm so sorry for not being in contact with you. I keep meaning to write, and having to put it off because of something or another. So how are you? Written anything new recently? I recently wrote a poem which I most soon... And I'm glad you wrote :) xx Jada: I'm great! Today at school we learned hockey, and I discovered that I pretty good as a striker, but not as a goalie. :P So I posted my story so far on FictionPress, and another story, and a story that was chosen to be sent to a competition. Unfortunately, that story did not make it to the finals. :D I'm fine about it. My teacher was still proud of me. So what's your poem about? I've been reading more FanFiction things, I like reading them.  Melina: Nice... Hockey's fun, but I prefer basketball or running. You planning on joing any clubs? :) Melina: Lately I haven't been writing as much :( My creative juices are running pretty low. But I'm going to have to check out your stories!! :) Had any reviews yet? ANd well done for getting one sent to that competition! As for winning... there's always other opportunities :) Jada: Oh, believe me, I prefer running too... I can;t join any after-school clubs, because my dad didn't want to learn how to drive in Hong Kong, since Hong Kong drove on the opposite side of Shanghai, aka on the right side of the road. My dad was afraid his instincts might come back again and he might start driving on the left side of the road, so we didn't but a car. And I was too lazy to join any other clubs, and besides, Battle of the Books was just reading. Just reading and memorizing authors and book names, which didn't appeal to me, even though I love reading.	Jada favourited Melina. Melina wrote a poem. Jada posted some stories on FictionPress but didn't make it to the finals of the competition. She can't join any after-school clubs. 
Natasha: Hi my love Natasha: Me and the family will travel to Malta this Christmas Natasha: Are you going to be there? Natasha: We would love to see you Macy: Hi Tash! Macy: You are? What dates are you travelling? Natasha: We fly to Rome on the 18th December Natasha: And we will arrive in Malta on the 21st Macy: That's lovely Macy: I haven't been able to plan my holidays yet, but I would love to go to Malta this year Macy: I haven't seen you guys in so long.. Natasha: Yes I think its been 3 years now Macy: Wow Macy: I should be planning my schedule in the next weeks Macy: I will keep you posted :) Natasha: Yes please do, we miss you ❤️ Macy: Me too ❤️	Natasha and her family will travel to Malta this Christmas. They will fly to Rome on the 18th of December and arrive in Malta on the 21st. Natasha and Macy have not seen each other for 3 years. Macy will plan her schedule in the next weeks and inform Natasha if she will also come to Malta.
Alan: have you already sent your letters? Eric: Not yet 😬 Allie: ofc not 😂😂 Alan: Just as I thought	Eric ad Allie haven't sent their letters yet. 
Noreen: which room is lit class in? Pepper: not 23 as usual? Noreen: no they started painting it last week Pepper: so where was it last week i was out? Noreen: last week was 23 they started Fri Bailey: Noreen is right. it won't be available till end of the month Noreen: its only paiting and takes three weeks wow! Pepper: perhaps its more than just painting i guess Noreen: anyways we have no idea where 2 go right? Presley: i asked in the office and they say prof should let us know Noreen: well he hasnt yet has he Presley: you know he always has time Noreen: maybe itd be better to mail him? Pepper: yeah ill do it right away Noreen: ok and let us know l8r	Noreen and Bailey don't know which room is their lit class in. Room 23 is being painted and it's unavailable until the end of the month. The professor should have let them know where to go, but he hasn't yet. Pepper is going to email him right away.
Carolina: You're the bestest! ❤️ Carolina: <file_photo> Carolina: Happy New Year! 😍 Gregory: hahah, may it be a wonderful night Gregory: the same to you <333 Carolina: Who were you with? Gregory: with Roger, Ann and Maria. Gregory: it was nice Gregory: how was you party? Carolina: I dropped by friends' house for a drink and got back home coz my boyfriend was sick, unfortunately Carolina: Like old folks, haha Gregory: Haha	Gregory was at the New Year's party with Roger, Ann and Maria. Carolina met her friends, but her boyfriend got sick and they had to go back home.