Chloe: Are we going to meet at the conference? :) Mariana: Well, I'm not sure, I haven't signed in yet :/ Chloe: Oh, ok. I hope to see you anyway! Mariana: I'll let you know next week, I have to make sure about my plans Chloe: Sure, no stress. Just asking ;)	Mariana hasn't signed up for the conference.
Gill: Hi Leo Leo: Gill, u missed the lectures today! Gill: Yep. Feeling bad. Leo: After the party on Sat? Gill: No silly, I don't think so. It's some virus I guess. Leo: Sounds awful. Stomach stuff?  Gill: Yeah. Hardly even leave the toilet. Leo: Sorry to hear that. Anyway, Prof. Hawkins started talking about Modernism. Gill: Wow, I've been looking forward to it for some time. Leo: What?! Gill: Yeah, it's one of my fav topics. Leo: Wow. Not mine for sure. I'm more into classical stuff. Gill: I know, I guess I just kind of like this modern mind. Leo: It's cool, though, you can help me out with that. Gill: No problem. Leo: Anyway, I hope you get better soon. I reckon you're taking a day off 2moro too? Gill: Probably. Feeling really bad right now.  Leo: Go to bed and take more rest.  Gill: If I'm not in the loo, that is. Leo: Yeah. If you need any help, let me know. Gill: Thanks, Leo. You're a true friend. Leo: Come on, it's no big deal. Just get better soon. Hope to see you soon. Gill: Thanks. Hope to see you too.	Gill has missed the lectures today because he has the stomach flu. He's taking a day off tomorrow as well.
Muhammad: Where are you? Zara: At Tesco Muhammad: Great! Could you buy me some chocolate? Zara: you eat sweets all the time Muhammad: LOL and? Zara: I think it's very unhealthy Muhammad: bullshit Zara: no, really Muhammad: I don't care, c'mon, it's a chocolate, not cocaine  Zara: but I think you're putting on weight  Muhammad: ooooohhh, and you will leave your fat boyfriend? Zara: eeehhh, ok, I'll buy it!	Zara is at Tesco and she'll buy some chocolate for Muhammad.
Lara: Are you still in the library? Leo: yes, with Seb Sebastian: do you want to join? Sebastian: we're in the loud working room Lara: preparing the presentation Leo: kind of hahaha Sebastian: mostly gossiping Peter: of course! Lara: we're downstairs with Peter	Leo is in the library with Sebastian preparing the presentation. Lara is downstairs with Peter.
Rose: I wanter to invite all of you to our wedding in May. Juan: Congrats! Vincent: Great! Anne: Congrats Rose! Rose: of course, you will get your cute invitations but I wanted you to reserve the dates Rose: 22 of May Anne: Great, I think everybody will be there. We're so happy for you! Rose: Thanks guys!	Rose is getting married on 22 of May. He's inviting Juan, Vincent and Anne to his wedidng.
Mitchell: HI! Have you watched the season finale yet? Joan: Yes, I saw it this morning Mitchell: What do you think of it? Joan: It was ok, I'd say, but a little anticlimactic Mitchell: Yeah... I must say I was disappointed Joan: The whole season was very good but the ending... I don't know Mitchell: It certainly isn't on par with season 1 Joan: Yeah, but don't forget that even season 1 had an underwhelming ending Mitchell: I disagree, I loved it Joan: Oh well Mitchell: Anyway it was an improvement on season 2 Joan: Yeah, that one sucked Mitchell: Let's hope season 4 is even better then Joan: Long live True Detective!	Mitchell and Joan aren't satisfied after having watched the season finale.
Sofia: good morning! Veronica: heyo :) Sofia: how are you? Sofia: i still have a slight headache from yesterday ;) Veronica: hehehe Veronica: i'm ok, didn't drink too much, but Paul is sleeping it off on the couch Veronica: and our little Annie has been asking for you Sofia: oh my sweetiepie <3 Sofia: you literally have the most adorable kid on earth Veronica: you have officially been adopted as her auntie XD Veronica: she doesn't even like my sister as much as she likes you Sofia: <3 <3 <3 Sofia: I feel honoured Sofia: Auntie Sofia Sofia: I like the sound of that B-) Veronica: XD Sofia: so I'll come over again next weekend Sofia: that is if you want me to lol Veronica: oh god yes, it was a blast hanging out and Annie would be thrilled!! Sofia: :D deal! 	Sofia will visit Veronica next weekend. Veronica's daughter Annie likes Sophie. 
Greg: Rosa, when can I expect you today? Rosa: I didn't know I was supposed to come today? Greg: You were. I told you my friends are coming for the weekend. Greg: I need the house squeaky clean! Rosa: Yeah, you mentioned that. But you didn't say I should come. Greg: I thought it was obvious you'll come Thursday. Greg: You know nobody else cleans my house? Rosa: I know that. Rosa: But I thought you could keep it clean for the few days. Greg: Extremely far-reaching assumption! Greg: Apparently too far. The house is a mess. Rosa: I can't come today, though. Greg: Tomorrow morning? Please!  Rosa: OK. I'll be there around 9.	Greg's friends are coming for the weekend. Rosa will come to clean his house at 9 on Friday.
Angela: Brad, how could you tell the people at the office my college nickname was Angelina? Bradley: I said I'm sorry. Angela: Yeah, Brad, I know you're sorry but now they're going to make even more fun of our names. Bradley: They must be wondering if we're gonna break up sooner or later... Angela: Oh, don't be silly, dear. Bradley: We're not famous enough to get a fashionable divorce, are we? Angela: Hah, yes. But they still call us Brangela, and now because of you they started calling us Brangelina. :P Bradley: Still better than Amy and Sheldon... You know, Shamy. Angela: But that's two characters in a stupid TV series! Bradley: Hey, speaking of Shamy: isn't your friend Amy single? Why don't we introduce Sheldon Perkins to her? Angela: You're impossible!	Brad told people Angela's nickname used to be Angelina so now they call them Brangelina.
Isabella: Emma! Emma: Isabella?! Emma: what's going on? Isabella: nothing, I'm just glad to see you online :) Emma: it's just for a moment but I'll be back in the evening Isabella: alright, we'll talk later :)	Isabella notices Emma is online but she has no time now. They will talk in the evening.